listen so swallows a psychological drama
that one Haley Bennett best actress the
Tribeca and in a crazy turn of events
this indie ended up being the
highest-grossing film at the box office
for multiple weeks that's what a
housewife was married into a rich family
who was about to have their baby and
this axis starts swallowing things like
batteries cinephile seem to really like
it I would say if you're a fan of any of
these right here vice versa it may be up
your alley
cuz this movie is gut-wrenching
literally and I loved it
let me explain the films also inspired
by my grandmother who was a homemaker in
the 1950s who had developed rituals of
control obsessive hand-washing in order
to cope with an unhappy marriage and my
grandfather at the advice of the doctors
put her into a mental institution where
she received electroshock therapy
insulin shock therapy and non-consensual
lobotomy yeah big spoilers in case you
haven't seen the movie so Haley Bennett
plays hunter a pregnant housewife where
the family sees as a vessel for their
legacy like they really think that
trophy comes once you breed the wife
poor girl has to ask permission just to
plant flowers and even then gets put on
hold
hmm I just want to make sure I'm not
doing anything wrong hmm she can't
redesign the home unless it's like a
tiny crevice she's playing more mobile
apps than a youtube intro this man
really just takes advantage of her
simply because he thrives off her
obedience her genes for his offspring
she swap and I was fascinated by the
pika is it pika
or pika it's funny that it's pickax it
looks like it's pika for those who don't
know mica is an actual condition in fact
they consulted with an expert on [ __ ]
who actually wrote a case study for
hunter and probably concluded that her
husband's a goof see there are moments
where he seems okay but then you realize
it's because he hasn't fully become like
his father yet he demands the state
during therapy just a tip wife is about
to have surgery got to go to the gym and
then when you thought he wasn't six
years old he tells everybody about her
Piko
okay can you please not ruin my birthday
we'll talk about this later the marble
went in the mouth the thumbtack went in
the mouth and everybody really asked me
to avoid doing it but I I wanted to feel
what it felt like anymore so I was not
swallowing these objects but I wanted to
feel the sensation of these things and
in my mouth
with it where I mean there's this shot
of all the items on the dresser looking
like a rogues gallery
Batman collects things from everyone
he's gone through she's saving
everything that's gone through her but
what didn't ends up getting her in
trouble
why why why would you do something like
this [ __ ] is wrong with you it's just so
not a big deal they hire a bodyguard to
keep watch over her and he ain't playing
no games fewer and more you would not
have this problem of the mind no time
for mind problems when you're being shot
at that's that this girl has a stash
under the toilet I'll say this about the
movie
it's executed so well from the acting
directing lighting the whole production
design that why you don't want her to
eat it you're kind of rooting for her
like they have this girl salivating over
these tacks like I do my haagen-dazs and
I don't really think you need to have a
thumbtack addiction to relate to the
movie just like you don't need to be a
wizard to watch Harry Potter but it's
clearly representing control you know
it's putting more emphasis on her mental
journey and she's going through the Piko
instead of you know how much bloodier
could have gotten you know it could be
anything and this just happens to be
pike ax but this thing had to happen for
her to regain consciousness another
movie this reminds me of is ready or not
which has a return we also taken a woman
captive for the deeds and since I guess
people haven't seen a lot of these
movies or a lot of these stories the
question we usually get in the comments
is well why didn't she just run away
so back story we see hunter confessed to
her therapist that she's the product of
rape that her father was caught and
served and to this day she carries a
picture of him and you just got to love
the therapist for not doing her job you
have to promise that you're not gonna
make a big deal about it
I promise my mom was raped 90s by some
random guy and I was the result you know
we're at the end of our session and then
you know she goes and tells omsbon
everything
the only person really comforting her is
the aide her husband found out the news
that his life the mother of his
soon-to-be child has been living with
her daddy's identity and he just goes to
the gym remember that they're like super
rich so they're treating her like a
gumball machine if they're not getting
their piece they want their quarterback
it's just seven months time to pay for
sweetie I'm going crazy with one they
force her to go into therapy or else her
gonna divorce her even take her away but
in The Bodyguard finally realizes that
he's no different than the people who
will press him back home so he lets her
escape he come back [ __ ] worth it she
put some food in her pockets goes on her
way calls her mom who tells her that
their self isolating and non vacant and
so she decides to swallow up the courage
to finally face her father now this
entire sequence is it's an insane
baguette but it's actually one of my
favorite scenes of the year top-notch
performances Direction lighting the boom
guy killed it it's really a fantastic
clip that I'll leave for you to
experience but it's a moment where
hunter is finally in charge finally in
control and finally gets to ask I really
do love Hailey's performance in the film
the whole time she's talking in a low
tone until she finally finds her freedom
and you hear the shift in her voice when
she finally has control of her body it's
when she seizes control of herself that
she can finally like go she finally
swallows the fact that those who say
they have your best interests at heart
many times don't so we are going to
reconnect the mind and the body
yeah totally thank you guys for watching
this video a little tiny one over here
for one of the smaller movies that came
out of Tribeca last year it's also
interesting to think that she was
actually pregnant while filming the
movie but the battery it was like chakra
I think that they did have her put the
stuff in her mouth Jaden really swallow
them and anything that she did was it
was something else
some of y'all will probably actually be
watching this if you're at home still
stuck and you ate all your quarantine
snacks you might even find it appetizing
but I'm curious to hear what else you
guys noticed in the movie or how it
resonated with you
what interpretation you got from it
because I know that Reina dude was
asking for hogs I don't know who
inspired him but whoever the inspiration
for that was that man used to go to jail
it's also interesting to hear that the
director went to high school with Jordan
Peele and he actually showed him the
shining he talked about an interview
that that's what influenced his view on
production design and how houses can be
their own character in a story we kind
of see that in swallow I love films that
examine the tapestry of the human mind
it's the undercurrents that control all
of us let me know your thoughts on this
movie down below in the comment section
let me know any other movies that you
want us to cover until next time don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
wash your hands please wash your hands
way better than whatever this lady did